README.md, before:

# FITNESS WEBSITE

This is a project made by [Kevin Joshi](https://github.com/KevinJ-hub).  
The website has 4 major pages (Home, Blog, Shop, Profile).  
The whole website has been made flexible and has been developed for desktop and mobile devices.

## Tech Used

- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- JS

## Running this project

> Make sure your PC is connected to the internet (if not Bootstrap and AgularJS won't work)

1. Clone this repository
2. Open the file in the following directory

```
/html/index.html
```

## Images

### Desktop

![Desktop Home Page](assets/screenshots/ss1.png)
---
![Desktop Blogs Page](assets/screenshots/ss2.png)
---
![Desktop 'Intro To Exercise' Blog](assets/screenshots/ss3.png)
---
![Desktop Shop Page](assets/screenshots/ss4.png)
---
![Desktop Profile Page](assets/screenshots/ss5.png)

### Mobile Devices

| ![Mobile Home Page](assets/screenshots/ss6.png) | ![Mobile Blogs Page](assets/screenshots/ss7.png) | ![Mobile 'Intro To Exercise' Blog](assets/screenshots/ss8.png) | ![Mobile Shop Page](assets/screenshots/ss9.png) | ![Mobile Profile Page](assets/screenshots/ss10.png) |
|---|---|---|---|---|

Commit message:

docs: readme 1.2
- added the link to the website deployed on render

README.md, after:

# FITNESS WEBSITE

This is a project made by [Kevin Joshi](https://github.com/KevinJ-hub).  
The website has 4 major pages (Home, Blog, Shop, Profile).  
The whole website has been made flexible and has been developed for desktop and mobile devices.

## Tech Used

- HTML
- CSS
- Bootstrap
- JS

## Running this project

You can head over to [fitness-website.onrender.com](https://fitness-website.onrender.com) to checkout the website.  

OR  

1. Clone this repository
2. Open the file in the following directory

```
/html/index.html
```

> Make sure your PC is connected to the internet (if not Bootstrap won't work)

## Images

### Desktop

![Desktop Home Page](assets/screenshots/ss1.png)
---

![Desktop Blogs Page](assets/screenshots/ss2.png)
---

![Desktop 'Intro To Exercise' Blog](assets/screenshots/ss3.png)
---

![Desktop Shop Page](assets/screenshots/ss4.png)
---

![Desktop Profile Page](assets/screenshots/ss5.png)

### Mobile Devices

| ![Mobile Home Page](assets/screenshots/ss6.png) | ![Mobile Blogs Page](assets/screenshots/ss7.png) | ![Mobile 'Intro To Exercise' Blog](assets/screenshots/ss8.png) | ![Mobile Shop Page](assets/screenshots/ss9.png) | ![Mobile Profile Page](assets/screenshots/ss10.png) |
|---|---|---|---|---|
